Updating docs for Inline and Standalone link (#1111)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/link/standalone/partials/code/how-to-use.md

## How to use this component

The most basic invocation requires both `@icon` and `@text`, and either an `@href` or `@route` argument.

```handlebars
<Hds::Link::Standalone @icon="film" @text="Watch tutorial video" @href="..." />
```

### Icon position

By default the icon is placed before the text. If you would like to position it after the text, set `@iconPosition` to `trailing`.

```handlebars
<Hds::Link::Standalone @icon="film" @iconPosition="trailing" @text="Watch tutorial video" @href="..." />
```

### Color

> There are two available colors for a Standalone Link: `primary` and `secondary`. The default is `primary`. To use a different color, set `@color` to `secondary`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two available colors for a Standalone Link: `primary` and `secondary`. The default is `primary`. To use the other option, set `@color` to `secondary`.
```

Reviewer: To me, this part kind of makes it sound like there are other options than just two: "To use a different color".

There may be a better way to phrase it than my suggestion however.

```handlebars
<Hds::Link::Standalone @color="secondary" @icon="collections" @text="Read tutorial" @href="..." />
```  

### Size

> There are three sizes available: `small`, `medium` and `large`. The default is `medium`. To use a different size, set a value for `@size`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three sizes available: `small`, `medium`, and `large`. The default is `medium`. To use a different size, set a value for `@size`:
```
